minor: Add QOS filtering for coordinator endpoints (#19271)
druid-io/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`druid.coordinator.kill.bufferPeriod`|The amount of time that a segment must be unused before it is able to be permanently removed from metadata and deep storage. This can serve as a buffer period to prevent data loss if data ends up being needed after being marked unused.|`P30D`|
|`druid.coordinator.kill.maxSegments`|The number of unused segments to kill per kill task. This number must be greater than 0. This only applies when `druid.coordinator.kill.on=true`.|100|
|`druid.coordinator.kill.maxInterval`|The largest interval, as an [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations), of segments to delete per kill task. Set to zero, e.g. `PT0S`, for unlimited. This only applies when `druid.coordinator.kill.on=true`.|`P30D`|

> |`druid.coordinator.server.maxConcurrentRequests`| Maximum number of concurrent requests to coordinator API endpoints (`/druid/coordinator/v1/*`, `/druid-internal/*`) that the Coordinator will process simultaneously. This prevents thread exhaustion while preserving access to health check endpoints. Set to any value <=0 like `-1` to disable quality of service filtering entirely. If not specified, defaults to `max(1, max(serverHttpNumThreads - 4, serverHttpNumThreads * 0.8))`.|`max(1, max(serverHttpNumThreads - 4, serverHttpNumThreads * 0.8))`|

Reviewer: suggested re-word to more explicitly state config purpose and discourage operators from lowering value below default (this would be an exceptional circumstance IMO... more harm can be done than good in almost all cases if the value is lowered below default)

```suggestion
|`druid.coordinator.server.maxConcurrentRequests`|Maximum number of requests to non-exempt Coordinator API paths processed concurrently. Requests beyond this are queued briefly and rejected with HTTP 503 if no slot frees. Leadership endpoints (`/leader`, `/isLeader`) and non-matching paths such as `/status/*` are never throttled. This bounds Jetty thread-pool exhaustion from heavy or excessive calls (for example large `/loadstatus`, `/metadata/segments`, or `/intervals` scans). Note: this path also carries recurring internal control-plane traffic (segment handoff checks, historical bootstrap, lookup and rule sync), so setting this too low can throttle that traffic and degrade the cluster; lowering the default is discouraged. Set to any value `<= 0` (for example `-1`) to disable QoS filtering entirely.|`max(1, max(serverHttpNumThreads - 4, serverHttpNumThreads * 0.8))`|
```

|Property|Description|Default|
|--------|-----------|-------|
|`druid.coordinator.period`|The run period for the Coordinator. The Coordinator operates by maintaining the current state of the world in memory and periodically looking at the set of "used" segments and segments being served to make decisions about whether any changes need to be made to the data topology. This property sets the delay between each of these runs.|`PT60S`|

> |`druid.coordinator.server.maxConcurrentRequests`|Maximum number of concurrent requests to coordinator API endpoints (`/druid/coordinator/v1/*`, `/druid-internal/*`) that the Coordinator will process simultaneously. This prevents thread exhaustion while preserving access to health check endpoints. Set to `-1` to disable quality of service filtering entirely. If not specified, defaults to `max(1, max(serverHttpNumThreads - 4, serverHttpNumThreads * 0.8))`.|`max(1, max(serverHttpNumThreads - 4, serverHttpNumThreads * 0.8))`|

Reviewer: looks like the code actually gates Qos on `> 0`. Not that it is a big deal but either the doc or the code should reflect this. I think it would be the doc that just says set to `<= 0` to disable?
